samples: bluetooth: ipt_reflector: add ios support (#30019)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/channel_sounding/ipt_reflector/README.rst

      - maximum procedure length: 12

Building for testing with iOS 27 Beta 2 devices
===============================================

In order to enable Bluetooth configurations required to test Channel sounding with iOS 27 Beta 2 phones with Channel sounding support,

> the ios_ranging.conf fragment can be applied. For example, using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Bluetooth configurations required for testing Channel Sounding with iOS 27 Beta 2 devices that support Channel Sounding, apply the ``ios_ranging.conf`` fragment. 
For example, use the following command:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   west build -bnrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp -- -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE="ios_ranging.conf"

.. Note::

>     When `ios_ranging.conf` is applied, the sample may not work with the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   When ``ios_ranging.conf`` is applied, the sample may not be compatible with the :ref:`channel_sounding_ipt_initiator` sample.
```

Author: Thank you! I pushed the fix for both comments
